Update docu for 1.60 part 3 (#780)
eclipse-theia/theia-website: src/docs/user_ai.md

``` 
~{functionName}
```

## Prompt Template and Fragment Locations

> By default, custom prompts, prompt variants, and [prompt fragments](#prompt-fragments) are created and read from global and local directories that can be configured in the settings (Under "AI-Features"=>"Prompt Templates"). This setting is valid for all projects. In addition, the user can configure workspace-specific directories and files (available as prompts and prompt fragments) to introduce project-specific adaptations and additions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, custom prompts, prompt variants, and [prompt fragments](#prompt-fragments) are created and read from user-wide local directories that can be configured in the settings ("AI-Features"=>"Prompt Templates"). This setting is valid for all projects. In addition, users can configure workspace-specific directories and files (available as prompts and prompt fragments) to introduce project-specific adaptations and additions.
```

### Allow project specific prompt locations

> Users can specify workspace-relative directories (Also under "AI-Features"=>"Prompt Templates"), individual files, and relevant file extensions for prompt templates and fragments. Workspace specific prompts have priority, so you can override the prompts of the available agents in a workspace specific way. Furthermore, these workspace specific templates are accessible via the prompt fragment variable (e.g., `#prompt:filename`) in both the chat interface and agent prompt editors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can specify workspace-relative directories (settings "AI-Features"=>"Prompt Templates"), individual files, and relevant file extensions for prompt templates and fragments. Workspace-specific prompts have priority, so you can override the prompts of the available agents in a workspace-specific way. Furthermore, these workspace-specific templates are accessible via the prompt fragment variable (e.g., `#prompt:filename`) in both the chat interface and agent prompt editors.
```

This feature supports two main use cases:

1. **Augmenting prompts with project-specific information**: Developers can create a dedicated file—such as `project-info.prompttemplate`—to include domain knowledge, architectural decisions, or coding guidelines. When referenced via `#prompt:project-info`, this information can guide AI behavior and improve prompt relevance.

2. **Creating reusable project-specific prompts**: Teams can maintain a collection of shortcut prompts for common actions like "generate a test according to specifics," enabling consistent and efficient communication with AI agents within a project. See an example for this use case in the previous section. As mentioned, you can also override the prompts of the default agents with project-specific versions.

> In future releases, we may include preconfigured defaults such as `#project-info.prompttemplate` for specific agents like Coder or Architect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In future releases, we may include pre-configured defaults, such as adding `#prompt:project-info` in the system messages of specific agents like Coder or Architect.
```

Did I interpret that correctly?
